feat(ingress-gateway): support outlier detection of upstream service for ingress gateway (#15614)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/ingress-gateway.mdx

              respected, a L7 protocol must be defined in the \`protocol\` field.
              If not specified, it uses the default value. For example, 1024 for Envoy proxy.`,
        },
        {
          name: 'PassiveHealthCheck',
          type: 'PassiveHealthCheck: <optional>',
          description:
            'Passive health checks remove hosts from the upstream cluster that are unreachable or that return errors.',
          children: [
            {

>               name: 'interval',

Reviewer: This should be Interval and not interval.

              type: 'int: <optional>',
              description:

>                 "The time in nanosecond between checks. Each check will cause hosts which have exceeded `max_failures` to be removed from the load balancer, and any hosts which have passed their ejection time to be returned to the load balancer. If not specified, it uses the default value. For example, 10s for Envoy proxy.",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                "The time in nanosecond between checks. If the number of failed checks exceed the `max_failures`, Consul removes the failing host from the load balancer. Additionally, hosts that have passed their ejection time are returned to the load balancer. If not specified, Consul uses the proxy's default value. For example, `10s` for Envoy proxy.",
```
Is that clearer without changing the meaning? Also, what is the "ejection time"? I didn't see that phrase anywhere else on the page.

Author: @trujillo-adam , thanks for helping editing the text. Actually I copied these sentences from [other places](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/proxies/envoy#passive_health_check) where passive health check is enabled. I like your edited version, so will overwrite the other place in the following commit.

            },
            {

>               name: 'max_failures',

Reviewer: The name should be MaxFailures

              type: 'int: <optional>',
              description:

>                 'The number of consecutive failures which cause a host to be removed from the load balancer. If not specified, it uses the default value. For example, 5 for Envoy proxy.',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                'The number of consecutive failures that cause a host to be removed from the load balancer. If not specified, Consul uses the proxy's default value. For example, `5` for Envoy proxy.',
```
Just FYI, use "that" to add essential information and "which" preceded by a comma to add a non-essential phrase. Also, I replaced "it" to make it clearer that Consul is the thing doing the action. If that is incorrect, we should be clear about _what_ "uses the proxy's default value".

            },
            {

>               name: 'enforcing_consecutive_5xx',

Reviewer: @huikang The name field should be EnforcingConsecutive5xx. Same for the Line 1251.

              type: 'int: <optional>',
              description:

>                 'The chance in percentage that a host will be actually ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive 5xx. If not specified, it uses the default value. For example, 100 for Envoy proxy.',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                'A percentage representing how often a host should be ejected when Consul detects an outlier status through consecutive errors in the 500 code range. If not specified, Consul uses the proxy's default value. For example, `100` for Envoy proxy.',
```
The target audience probably understands "5xx" to mean error codes from 500 - 599, but it might be confusing for beginners (like me :|). If that suggestion is too wordy, I still think something like "500 error" is better than "5xx". Also, I think we should be more concrete about describing what the percentage represents. Describing the value in terms of "chance" might confuse people.
